{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red69\green80\blue83;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red34\green38\blue43;\red104\green120\blue123;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c34118\c38824\c40000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgray\c100000;
\cssrgb\c17647\c20000\c22353;\cssrgb\c48235\c54510\c55686;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to build a Swift app stemming from the NASA API. The app must have a landing screen and 2 main areas. You may choose two of the three options listed below. The app MUST make use of UICollectionViews, ScrollViews, Animation, Unit Testing, and Error Handling. We expect you to use different skills in different ways and invite you to go above and beyond the requirements stated in terms of usage of APIs and iOS capabilities. This is a chance to make a really nice portfolio piece, and we hope you make it your own! While mock-ups are provided, these represent just one possible way the finished app could look, so we hope you will get creative and base your layouts and design on the particular functionalities of 
\i your
\i0  app.\cb4 \
\cb3 Rover Postcard Maker: Access the Mars Rover Imagery API and display a selected, filtered, or randomized image from the Mars Rover. You should also build functionality such that a user can add text over the image and then flatten the new image and send via a pre-populated email.\cb4 \
\cb3 Eye-In-the-Sky: You will build a tool to access the Earth Imagery API. Users should be able to, at a minimum, query the most recent photo of a particular location on earth. In addition, you may not simply enter latitude and longitudes manually, but must input location information based on an interactive map, importing from contacts, OR another API, such as Foursquare.\cb4 \
\cb3 Third option: You can absolutely create your own app feature, but must make material use of the NASA API and skills learned in the course, plus at least one skill/API/language feature NOT explicitly covered in the Techdegree thus far.\cb4 \
\cb3 If you are interested in a rating of \'93exceeds expectations\'94, you must implement all three of the above, as well as employ the appropriate tools to do so. In addition, the code should be well-architected and clean.\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a landing screen as well as at least two of the functionalities described above.\cb4 \uc0\u8232 \cf6 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf6 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are free to submit this project in either Swift 2.3 or Swift 3. For Swift 2.3, if you are using Xcode 8, you will need to download and use the empty Swift 2.3 starter files template to start your project. \cb4 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In your implementation, be sure to utilize asynchronous networking code and where possible, make your code reusable for the different items you\'92ll be displaying.\cb4 \uc0\u8232 \cf6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Be sure to make use of UICollectionViews, ScrollViews, Animation, Unit Testing, and Error Handling.\cb4 \uc0\u8232 \cf6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ensure that you implement Unit Testing to test the code which downloads and parses the data from the API. In addition, test any edge cases, such as not receiving latitude and longitude data.\cb4 \uc0\u8232 \cf6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ensure that your app performs well. You should test all functionalities in Xcode Instruments and describe what performance testing you did in a code comment in the App Delegate.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf6 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Students interested in a rating of \'93exceeds expectations\'94 must implement all three of the above, as well as employ the appropriate tools to do so. In addition, the code should be well-architected and clean.\cb4 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Implement all three of the above features.\cb4 \uc0\u8232 \cf6 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Employ the appropriate tools throughout the app and ensure code is well-architected and clean.\
}